WK1-1561: US Withholding Tax Guides & FAQs (#65)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/us-withholding-tax/FAQs.md

---
stoplight-id: 1wglbgxw55w7x
---

# US Withholding Tax FAQs

## How can a W-8BEN form be submitted?

An endpoint is available to request draft information required to complete a form for a given party. The information can be displayed to the customer, accompanied by an attestation that the information is correct. 

On submission of the attestation to WealthKernel, a PDF copy of the W-8 BEN will be generated which can be accessed by a separate endpoint. 

## What if the W-8BEN draft has incorrect information?

If any information in the draft request is incorrect, this should be updated separately and a new request generated. 

## Once the party has attested the W-8BEN has the correct information, when does the W-8BEN become valid?

> Assuming all of the information is correct, the W-8 BEN form will become active at the point the party attests to the information. A digital signature will be generated with a timestamp of when the party confirmed the information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming all of the information is correct, the W-8BEN form will become active at the point the party attests to the information. A digital signature will be generated with a timestamp of when the party confirmed the information. 
```
